Gambler knocks
Uncle Sun, you have also heard of this
Of course I know.
Your uncle, I also go to small gambling occasionally
But a small bet
Then I heard that there was something worse than a beast
Take your wife's medical expenses to gamble
In vain for a man
Haven't you heard of Shibetsu Three Days when you are impressed?
Hmph, just you.
I'm too weak to do more explaining now
For the sake of your friendship with Sister Shuang
I can give you a suggestion hum
I have read your corporate financial report.
There's a lot of extra money in there.
It's very easy to move money around.
I suggest you check it carefully.
Boy, my grandson has traveled all over the world
Make a billion-dollar effusion
I don't need you to be a gambler
Make irresponsible remarks in front of me
Strictly prohibited here
Believe it or not, see for yourself.
Make me believe you gambler
Unless the sky falls
XiaoShuang
Now that your funds are in place
I'll go first
Uncle Haosen
Yiqiu, you say how stinky you are
Even Uncle Sun is such a big shot
I have heard of your glorious morale
Yes, I will definitely treat Xiaoyan well in the future.
Isn't this my good ex-wife?